Great job.
You did it.
You completed this course and therefore you learned a lot about risk native and how to build React Native
apps with React Native and its core components and its core features but also with many important third
party packages like rate navigation like maps or the camera.
So all these native modules which you can integrate and you'll learn that all with the help of Expo
an amazing tool that makes building React Native apps so much easier.
But I also showed you how you can build apps without Expo how you can turn your expo app into a non
Expo app and dead even when using Expo and getting this easier development flow that you still get a
normal react native app in the end which you can deploy as a standalone app to both the Apple App Store
and the Google Play store.
So therefore you now get all the tools you needs to continue your journey as a react native developer
and you are well-prepared to dive into React Native jobs to build our projects build your own project
and of course because that's always important.
Keep on practicing and that would be my recommendation in general if we have a look at the next steps
you could and you probably should take if you want to continue with React Native then the most important
step as always in life and as always in programming is that you continue practicing This course gives
you very solid fundamentals and the core foundation you need to be a React Native developer but you
always need to keep on practicing build dummy projects build simplified clones of popular apps and therefore
practice all the things you learned you will encounter problems and challenges along the way in solving
these on your own with the help of Google and stack overflow and the official docs and so on that will
make you a real and a better React Native developer now already kind of mentioned it also dive into
those official docs be that there React Native docs the expo docs the docs if a specific third party
package you're using and also exploring samples many third party packages give you examples of how you
may use them in which different ways you could work with the package and you will also find plenty of
demo projects on github for example by people who built dummy or Real Apps with React Native so definitely
always explore those to get ideas on how you could build a react native app with that and in addition
also explore other packages you could be using alternatives to the packages I used in the course maybe
because that again will broaden your horizons give you more tools and a deeper understanding of how
all these things work together.
Now last but not least it's important to stay updated because like everything in development React Native
keeps on moving it's a moving target we see new features maybe some features are deprecated maybe there's
a new package out there that does something in it easier or better way than you used to do it so different
Keep your eyes open checked you official React Native blog check the expo blog if you're using that
check do you change log or check the GitHub repo of the React Native project to stay updated about changes
that might help you in future projects or that might require you to adjust your code of course as it
did in the past.
I'll keep this course updated as well and I'll inform you about important changes but not every change
that happens is the react native ecosystem affects this course so therefore you definitely also need
to stay updated on your own well and with that you get everything you need you're well prepared to become
a React Native developer and I wish you all the best.
I hope this course was helpful to you I hope you got a lot out of it and I'd love to see you and our
courses as well.